---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---
 
## Question For Danna
- What do you think about the Oracle America, Inc. v. Google, Inc.
- Which is better, the google version of open source better or the totally open open source? And why?
- What is the most useful CS class you have taken in NYU?
## QuteBrowser 
- Last week, we have marked some entry-level issues for us to work on. We are working on [Multiple Search Engines, One Command #2699](https://github.com/qutebrowser/qutebrowser/issues/2699). Currently, I am trying to locate the commandline file in the qutebrowser, and trying to find the "open" command.
- For me individually, I have finished the qutebrowser command training and tutorial from [ShortCutFoo](https://www.shortcutfoo.com/app/dojos/qutebrowser). I am more familiar with commands in qutebrowser. 
## Event 2
- The Missing Product Manager: Building Digital Products in NYC Government
- Topic
  - As the title is self explainatory, the event focus on the benefit of having a product manager during development digital products for government. Different from the the project manager, product manager should have more skills and requirement than manage the progress of the project. The product manager will determine what project the team should do so that it can maximize the social welfare. Moreover, the product manager need to communicate with people outside the team, such as customers, data suppliers, people from other departments. Because many government projects need data from other departments, there are a lot of issues in communication with lack of leaders. Also, it mentions that the customers' opinion is really important and crucial, which echoes with the ["The Cathedral and The Bazaar"](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-bazaar/index.html). Another interseting point on open source software brought up during the panel was its ability of being customized. One of the speakers mentioned that it was really inconvenient when an issue raised up during the project when using the closed source software. Since it was a blackbox, he can only get help from the custom service of the provider and waiting for 3-5 days. After switching to open source software, his issue can be resolved in a shorter period or even by himself, which decreases the wait time and boosts the efficiency. 
  - Like 
  - The presentation was really informative. It also provided me so thought about the product development in general, not only the digital products. That idea is that the developer should focus more on the problem not the solution. Sometimes, it is really worthy to ask ourselves whether the problems is worthy to solve, if the problem can be diverge into many other problems, or if there is a general problem that can cover a lot similar problems. After those question, we can develop more useful and meaningful products. 
  - Dislike
  - There is nothing I would compain about this panel except its delay and its time. It occupied the lunch time. One thing that I think that could be improved is the preparation of the panel. I feel like the panel is a little bit off from the main topic, but it was still a good and informative panel. 
 

  
