---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## Event 1
- Open Data Week @ NYU
- Topic
  - The event was divided into two parts. The first part was panel and the second part was a showcase. During the panel, the guest talked about legistration for the open data, the meaning of open data, and how open data could benefit everyone. Even though there are some laws for open data, they are not completed and are not executed. There is a long way to go for people to realize the benefit of open data and take open data seriously. Open data, especially open government data was really useful for some project and researches. However, there are some potential problem with open data. One of the interesting point mentioned was the correctness of the open data. Since those data were collected from many different institutes and people, it may contain some false information or reports. For example, when the government collected cost of different operation in different hospital, one hospital in up state New York has reported a unsual low cost for the hip transfer. Even though the error was obvious and harmless, it indicates that the potential harzard caused by false data. 
  - During the showcase, I have taken a close look at the stock price project, food safety project and the children education project. During the demonstration of the stock price project, they said that their project could predict the rise and fall of the stock while fail to predict exact price. They need improve the model in order to make actual money in the market. However, a person who worked in Goldman Sachs, said that their models could use their current project for hedging, since they can invest the stocks that have egative correlation. The food safety project was relatively easy to understand, and everything and calculation was straight forward. However, I have learnt a lot about the process of the food safety grading for restaurant, and know that Asian restaurants have the highest violation rate. The children education project was really interesting, since every field it touched was new for me. First of all, the project was psychological based, which is a field that I haven't have experience in before. Secondly, it used a video open database, since word descriptions or categoriation will changed the original meaning of the behvior. Those were brand-new knowledge for me. 
- Like 
  - I like the showcases, since those projects were launched by students from different background and majors. I could learn a lot things from other aspects. 
- Dislike
  - The panel was kind of long, since there are some field overlap between two speakers, who are currently using open data. If the panel could be a little bit short, it will be great. 

## Event 2 
- Missing Product Manager 
- Postponed to March 28.
