---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## [Home Assistant](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant?utm_source=mybridge&utm_medium=blog&utm_campaign=read_more)
  The home assistant project satisfies the definition of the word humanitarian, which is "relating to or characteristic of people who work to improve the lives and living conditions of other people." As the artificial intelligence and IoT developing, devices and companies for smart home are exploding right now. Thanks to the variety of companies, comsumers can have different product for different specific function from different producer. For example, we have smart themo-control from Nest, smart light system from Philip Hue, smart voice assistant from Amazon, and etc. On the other hand, the variety of the companies make the communication between smart devices difficult. It is like a group of experts in different field while they speak different languages. They can finish job on their own pretty well, but it would be marvelous if they can communicate with each other to accomplish more. Therefore, in order to improve the living experience with smart home, the home assistant project connects and integrates many different smart home devices so that they can work together and we can have a dashboard for the entire home system. It brings the people living experience with smart home to a whole new level.
  
## [QuteBrowser](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/qutebrowser-team)
I am in the process of getting familiar with vim and the code base of Qutebrowser. I am practicing the vim command with ShorcutFoo, as well as using Qutebrowser sometimes for searching. 
- Individual
  - Start to go through actually issues in the repository and find out some issues that fit for me
- Group 
  - We will meet during the scheduled period, and figure out how to deploy the test version
  - Start to discuss the general direction of our future contribution to the project
