---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Open Source

I think about free and available tools when I hear the term "open source". Comparing with the closed source, programmers can apply the open source to the other projects, which helps push the development of programming even forward. Also, other programmer are able to contribute to the current project and improve the project itself. However, open source cannot protect copy right like closed source does, because it exposes the source to the public and people can easily produce a similar program according to the open source.

## projects
#### Ubuntu
Because it is based on linux, I would be able use the terminal to do many things that I cannot to do in Windows. Also, it makes the installation of Python packages easier. Alternatively, I could use a mac, but it has more cost than using a ubuntu. 
#### Python
It gives me access to many different packages that were written by others. I used them in the modeling competition for dealing with data and machine learning. Alternatively, I could use other programming language to accomplish the same things, but it would be more complicated and more time-consuming. 
#### Chromium
It is what the Chrome is based on. It enable other programmers to add other add-ons function to the chrome, which largely improves my web browsering experience. In terms of the web-browser, I could use other browser like Firefox, Waterfox, and Safari. 
#### Audacity
I was using to produce songs myself a long long time ago, when I was dreaming about becoming a singer... It was kind of hard to use which helped me to give up the day dreaming. I could also use other audio software. 

## Questions for Tom: 
-What was the inspiration of starting the RedHat?
-How does RedHat profit and make it stand out from other open source? 

