---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Difference
#### The Cathedral Model
The cathedral model of building software is that only a few selected people will be in the development process. No people from outside the exclusive group have access to the software before the whoel project is done. More importantly, the exclusive group would have a blueprint and knowing where exactly they are heading to. 
#### The Bazaar Model
The bazaar model of building software is that the whole project is available to everyone while anybody can make some positive impact on the project as well during the development process. Usually, the details and measures of the whole project is not very clear, while some big directions are determined. 

I would more likely to work under the bazaar model, becuase I can get a lot of new ideas and opinions. I will hardly lose my creativity and miss new information. On the other hand, I need to have a direction in mind where I want to be. 

## Two Lessons
#### 3. Plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow.
This is third lesson in the article, but I think it was really useful and helpful for me. I don't like to throw away stuffs, especially something that I created myself. For example, when I was writing an app, I wrote some codes but they turned out to be redundant when I found a better example online. However, I still decided to use mine, because that was my work and I don't want my efforts wasted. That part doesn't affect the whole app since it was a relatively small app. After reading the lessons, I realize this practice will hurt myself in the future and I need to change this right now. 
#### 11.The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your users. Sometimes the latter is better.
In the article, author keeps mentioning customers and users, and I can see how important are they. I just pick this one to represent the main idea that customer is the most crucial element in the whole software development world. Like the saying "customer is the king", they are the one who will buy and use the products not us developers. When developing software, we have to think from the users' respects. I have seen a lot of examples during the CES show, that many products are pretty cool as a technology, but are useless as a product for comsumer. For example, one of the IoT products from Samsung is the meal planner, which will decide what you eat based on how much energy you consumed during the days. The idea is cool, but it is useless, because it rips off the beauty of food. I believe that most of us like to enjoy our food not treat it as a daily task. That developer was probably just focusing on doing IoT, but not from what the user need. Thus, listen to the user and know what user need is really important. 

## I am so sorry that I forgot to write the post until I rechecked the website, I will finished by today. 
