---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## Course Website
## Code Triage
* Experience:

  I am pretty happy with Code Triage so far. I like the filter by language, which allow me to get to projects with Python. I have used pandas a lot, so it feels good when I saw pandas was listed in code triage. After I got email notifications from triage, I read through them. I found that the description in the emails are really helpful to new user, like instruction of how to triage, some tips and advice. Also, it reminds me that I could set up the email rate so that the email will not be too annoying. Another plus of the email is that the link will take me directly to the issue, which is really convenient. 
* Project: Pandas
  * Bug/Issue: 
  
    #18679 [DataFrame.from_records ignores exclude if it is \[0\]](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/18679)
  * Description: 
    
    The problem was caused by a special case with input was \[0\], which means that the function does not take care of this special case. I think the problem could be fixed by including this special case in the function. 
  
  The problem 
* Project: youtube-dl 
  * Bug.Issue:
  
    #3774 [Can't download from viki.com](https://github.com/rg3/youtube-dl/issues/3774)
  * Description:
    
    The problem was cased by trying to download video from viki.com. However, the title of the issue was too generous, which does not tell me too much information about the real issue. After clicked into the link, I found that people in the discussion asked the same thing that I want to ask. The participants asked for more details about the issues and the error message. 
