---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Selection For Project
* Language
  - I would choose the project with the language that I am familiar with. 
* Utility
  - I would choose the project that I am using or will use in the future. 
* Difficulty
  - I would choose the project that I am able to contribute with my capability. 
  
  
## Strength To Offer
* Experience with the package and languange 
  - I would like to the work on the pandas, which is a python package. I have used it before for competition, and I am familiar with python. I have experienced with the package itself.
* Logic for problem solving 
  - I have strong logic and problem sovling skill, I could help the team to solve some structural problems or some general problems.  
  
## Things To Learn
* Teamwork
  - I hope I could learn some tools and skills for doing an open source project with a group of people. For example, communication tools, platforms for cooperation, and communication skills.
* Skills 
  - Definitely, I hope I could learn some skills and experience of developing open source program. 
## Concern And Worry
* Difficulty
  - I am kind of worried about the difficulty of the project, which would be out of my reach. 
* Experience 
  - I have no experience of developing a real life program, especially developing an open source project. 
* Time
  - It might be time-consuming to do the project. I might not be able to have enough time to complete the project with limited time. 
## Questoins For Aurelia 
  - Could you tell me the reason that you finally settle down in Mozilla Foundation?
  - What was the biggest challenge that you have faced during the work in Mozilla?
 
